[April CQA] CQA fixes for the UI title (terminology, UI formatting, style cleanup) (#361)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-ui/proc_creating-jira-issues-for-migration-wave.adoc

 
You can use a migration wave to create Jira issues automatically for each application assigned to the migration wave. A separate Jira issue is created for each application associated with the migration wave. The following fields of each issue are filled in automatically:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

. In the *Migration* view, click *Migration waves*.
. Click the Options menu ({kebab}) to the right of the migration wave for which you want to create Jira issues and select *Export to Issue Manager*. The *Export to Issue Manager* window opens.

> . Select the *Jira Cloud* or *Jira Server/Datacenter* instance type.

Author: ```suggestion
. Select the *Jira Cloud* or *Jira Server/Data center* instance type.
```
